tooth.
Go! Go!
Japanese tribal monkeys socializing in drill holes
On the green fields, there are the ruins of red-mayan.
The flower dried out andombastic.
Our Commander, a writer, reported it.
Cut!
Ts Carmen Come!
This is Generalido's oil parentheses.
When the battalions of the 64th Battalion tamp.
matrix
start heatingown.
Along with the troops, on April 10th
the forces will march into Misashiki
starting with casual fire and battle.
With the nearing that we will create more united war
we will hold banners,
Here are the main dishes of the Sun呀
Fresh and fresh
Big, yellow, red, blue gravty
Of course
Hold on!
Pay at once to hear thists suppression!
The most important announcement...
On March 9, 11.15, the army of the Imperial Army of the Willmar side
destroyed enemy forces near the Sengu and the Rangun,
and completely occupied the Sengu on that day at 10 o'clock on the 8th.
The announcement of the script was made on March 9 at 11.20 a.m.
The Imperial Army of the Willmar side's commander-in-chief was the Imperial Army commander, Iida Shojiro.